INSERT INTO post (title, subtitle, author, author_url, publish_date, image_url, featured, content) VALUES ('The road ahead', 'The road ahead might be paved - it might not be', 'Mat Vogels', '/static/images/mat_vogels.jpg', '9/25/2015', '/static/images/the_road_ahead.jpg', 1, 
'Dark spruce forest frowned on either side the frozen waterway. The trees had been stripped by a recent wind of their white covering of frost, and they seemed to lean towards each other, black and ominous, in the fading light. A vast silence reigned over the land. The land itself was a desolation, lifeless, without movement, so lone and cold that the spirit of it was not even that of sadness. There was a hint in it of laughter, but of a laughter more terrible than any sadness—a laughter that was mirthless as the smile of the sphinx, a laughter cold as the frost and partaking of the grimness of infallibility. It was the masterful and incommunicable wisdom of eternity laughing at the futility of life and the effort of life. It was the Wild, the savage, frozen-hearted Northland Wild.

But there was life, abroad in the land and defiant. Down the frozen waterway toiled a string of wolfish dogs. Their bristly fur was rimed with frost. Their breath froze in the air as it left their mouths, spouting forth in spumes of vapour that settled upon the hair of their bodies and formed into crystals of frost. Leather harness was on the dogs, and leather traces attached them to a sled which dragged along behind. The sled was without runners. It was made of stout birch-bark, and its full surface rested on the snow. The front end of the sled was turned up, like a scroll, in order to force down and under the bore of soft snow that surged like a wave before it. On the sled, securely lashed, was a long and narrow oblong box. There were other things on the sled—blankets, an axe, and a coffee-pot and frying-pan; but prominent, occupying most of the space, was the long and narrow oblong box.

In advance of the dogs, on wide snowshoes, toiled a man. At the rear of the sled toiled a second man. On the sled, in the box, lay a third man whose toil was over,—a man whom the Wild had conquered and beaten down until he would never move nor struggle again. It is not the way of the Wild to like movement. Life is an offence to it, for life is movement; and the Wild aims always to destroy movement. It freezes the water to prevent it running to the sea; it drives the sap out of the trees till they are frozen to their mighty hearts; and most ferociously and terribly of all does the Wild harry and crush into submission man—man who is the most restless of life, ever in revolt against the dictum that all movement must in the end come to the cessation of movement.

But at front and rear, unawed and indomitable, toiled the two men who were not yet dead. Their bodies were covered with fur and soft-tanned leather. Eyelashes and cheeks and lips were so coated with the crystals from their frozen breath that their faces were not discernible. This gave them the seeming of ghostly masques, undertakers in a spectral world at the funeral of some ghost. But under it all they were men, penetrating the land of desolation and mockery and silence, puny adventurers bent on colossal adventure, pitting themselves against the might of a world as remote and alien and pulseless as the abysses of space.');





INSERT INTO post (title, subtitle, author, author_url, publish_date, image_url, featured, content) VALUES ('From Top Down', 'Once a year, go someplace you’ve never been before.', 'William Wong', '/static/images/william_wong.jpg', '9/25/2015', '/static/images/from_top_down.jpg', 1, 'As a traveler, I firmly believe that the best way to learn about the world is by experiencing it firsthand. Every time I embark on a new journey, I am reminded of how much there is to see and learn in this world. Recently, I went on a trip that took me from the top of a mountain down to the bottom of a valley. It was an exhilarating journey that left me with memories I will cherish for a lifetime.

The journey began at the top of a mountain where I found myself surrounded by snow-capped peaks and breathtaking views. I had always dreamed of standing on top of a mountain and taking in the beauty of the world below. As I looked out at the vast expanse of wilderness, I felt a sense of awe and wonder. It was a moment of pure serenity that filled me with a sense of gratitude for the opportunity to experience such a beautiful place.

As I made my way down the mountain, I was struck by the stark contrast between the snowy landscape at the top and the lush greenery at the bottom. It was a reminder that even within a single journey, we can experience vastly different environments and cultures. The descent was a thrilling adventure as I navigated through rocky terrain and rushing streams. The journey down was just as rewarding as the climb up, and I felt a deep sense of satisfaction as I reached the valley floor.

Throughout the journey, I was reminded of the importance of trying new things and stepping outside of our comfort zones. Every time we take a chance and explore something new, we open ourselves up to incredible experiences and opportunities. Traveling allows us to broaden our horizons and gain a deeper understanding of the world around us.

In conclusion, my journey from top to bottom was a reminder of the beauty and wonder that exists in our world. It was a journey that left me with memories I will cherish for a lifetime. I encourage everyone to take the time to go somewhere they've never been before, and to experience all the amazing things our world has to offer. Only by exploring new places and trying new things can we truly appreciate the vastness and diversity of our planet.');






INSERT INTO post (title, subtitle, author, author_url, publish_date, image_url, featured, content) VALUES ('Still Standing Tall', 'Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.', 'William Wong', '/static/images/mat_vogels.jpg', '9/25/2015', '/static/images/still_standing_tall.jpg', 0, 'As a traveler, I’ve been to many different places and have seen countless stunning sights. However, there’s one journey that always stands out in my mind - a trip to the Sequoia National Park in California.

The Sequoia National Park is home to some of the tallest trees in the world, including the General Sherman Tree, which stands at an impressive 275 feet tall. As I walked through the park, I couldn’t help but feel small in comparison to these towering giants.

But what struck me even more than their size was their resilience. Many of these trees have been standing for thousands of years, through wildfires, storms, and even human interference. They are still standing tall, despite everything they’ve faced.

This trip served as a reminder to me that even when life gets tough, we can still stand tall and weather the storms. We may face obstacles and challenges, but if we stay strong and keep pushing forward, we can overcome anything.

As a traveler, I believe that journeys aren’t just about seeing new places and experiencing new things - they’re also about learning and growing as a person. And this trip to the Sequoia National Park taught me a valuable lesson about resilience and perseverance.

So whenever I feel overwhelmed or discouraged, I think back to those towering trees and remind myself that I too can stand tall and weather any storm that comes my way.'
);




INSERT INTO post (title, subtitle, author, author_url, publish_date, image_url, featured, content) VALUES ('Sunny Side Up', 'No place is ever as bad as they tell you it’s going to be.', 'Mat Vogels', '/static/images/mat_vogels.jpg', '9/25/2015', '/static/images/sunny_side_up.jpg', 0, 'As a traveler, I am always on the lookout for new experiences and adventures, and my latest journey was no exception. This time around, I decided to explore some of the lesser-known corners of Southeast Asia, starting with the islands of Indonesia.

My journey began in Bali, where I was greeted by the warm sunshine and the sound of waves crashing on the shore. I spent my days exploring the island's many temples, hiking through lush jungles, and trying out delicious local cuisine. But it wasn't until I made my way to the small island of Nusa Penida that I truly experienced the sunny side of this journey.

I had heard about the stunning beaches and crystal-clear waters of Nusa Penida, but nothing could have prepared me for what I saw. As I stepped off the boat and onto the island, I was greeted by a sea of turquoise blue that stretched out as far as the eye could see. I couldn't wait to dive in and explore these pristine waters.

Over the next few days, I spent my time swimming with manta rays, exploring hidden coves and caves, and lounging on secluded beaches that seemed to go on forever. With each passing day, I found myself more and more enamored with the natural beauty of Nusa Penida.

But it wasn't just the natural wonders that made this journey so special. I also had the pleasure of meeting some of the warmest and most hospitable people I have ever encountered. From the street vendors who served up delicious nasi goreng (fried rice) with a smile, to the locals who welcomed me into their homes and shared stories of their culture and traditions, the people of Nusa Penida left a lasting impression on me.

As my journey came to a close and I boarded the ferry back to Bali, I couldn't help but feel grateful for the sunny side of this journey. It was a journey full of surprises and delights, where I discovered the beauty and warmth of a place that had been hiding in plain sight all along.

If you're looking for a new adventure, consider exploring the sunny side of Southeast Asia. You might just find yourself falling in love with a place you never knew existed.'
);




INSERT INTO post (title, subtitle, author, author_url, publish_date, image_url, featured, content) VALUES ('Water Falls', 'We travel not to escape life, but for life not to escape us.', 'Mat Vogels', '/static/images/mat_vogels.jpg', '9/25/2015', '/static/images/water_falls.jpg', 0, 'As a traveler, I have had the opportunity to explore some of the most beautiful natural wonders that this world has to offer, but nothing quite compares to the majestic beauty of waterfalls. There is something about the raw power and grace of water cascading down rock faces that leaves you in awe and wonder.

The journey to discover some of the world's most stunning waterfalls has taken me across different countries and continents. From the towering Angel Falls in Venezuela to the stunning Iguazu Falls on the border of Argentina and Brazil, each waterfall has its unique charm and allure.

One of my most memorable experiences was visiting the Niagara Falls in Canada. The sheer magnitude of the falls left me speechless. The thunderous sound of the water crashing down into the river below was deafening, and the mist from the falls created an ethereal atmosphere that was almost surreal. As I stood there, watching the rainbow hues dancing in the mist, I felt a sense of peace and tranquility that I had never experienced before.

Another astonishing waterfall that left me awestruck was the Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe. The falls are known as "the smoke that thunders" due to the noise and spray they create, which can be seen from miles away. I was lucky enough to visit during the rainy season when the falls were at their most powerful. It was an unforgettable experience to stand on the edge of the falls and feel the force of the water rushing past me.

But not all waterfall journeys have to be grand and dramatic. Sometimes, it's the small, hidden waterfalls that leave the biggest impact. During a trekking expedition in Bali, I stumbled upon a breathtaking waterfall nestled deep within the jungle. The quiet serenity of the place and the soothing sound of the water gently flowing down the rocks made it feel like a tranquil oasis.

In conclusion, waterfalls are natural wonders that never fail to amaze and inspire me. Each waterfall has its own unique personality and charm, and I feel incredibly grateful to have had the opportunity to witness their beauty firsthand. The journey to discover waterfalls has been an unforgettable one, and I cannot wait to see what other surprises the world has in store for me.'
);




INSERT INTO post (title, subtitle, author, author_url, publish_date, image_url, featured, content) VALUES ('Through The Mist', 'Travel makes you see what a tiny place you occupy in the world.', 'William Wong', '/static/images/william_wong.jpg', '9/25/2015', '/static/images/through_the_mist.jpg', 0, 'As a traveler, I have come to realize that one of the most mesmerizing experiences is watching the world awaken from behind a veil of mist. It is a unique moment when everything around you remains shrouded in mystery, and all you can hear are the sounds of nature, and all you can feel is the cool breeze on your skin. It's a moment that reminds you of how tiny you are in this vast world and how there's so much more to explore beyond your comfort zone.

I had the privilege of experiencing one such journey through the mist during my recent visit to the Scottish Highlands. As I set out on the trek, I was greeted with a dense fog that had descended upon the hills overnight. Initially, I felt a little apprehensive about navigating through the thick mist; however, as I began walking, I quickly realized that it was one of the most beautiful things I had ever experienced.

The mist had transformed the landscape into a dreamlike scene, where the shadows of trees and rocks seemed to dance around me. The only sounds were the crunch of leaves beneath my feet and the distant call of birds. The silence was deafening, and yet it felt like I was in sync with the pulse of nature. Every step felt like an adventure as the mist cleared only to present a new vista of beauty and wonder.

As I walked, I discovered hidden waterfalls, cascading streams, and ancient ruins that I would have otherwise missed. The mist had made the journey more intimate and personal, almost like a secret shared between me and nature. It was a moment that reminded me of the magic that lies in the unknown.

Traveling has taught me that we often tend to overlook the simple joys of life, chasing after materialistic pleasures. It's easy to get lost in the mundane routine of everyday life and forget to acknowledge the beauty that surrounds us. However, when you travel, you learn to appreciate the small moments in life that make a big difference. Moments like these remind us that we are part of something much larger than ourselves.

As I reached my destination and the mist began to lift, revealing the vast expanse of the Highlands, I felt a sense of gratitude for this beautiful journey through the mist. It was a moment that made me realize that travel is not only about visiting new places but also about discovering oneself. The journey through the mist had allowed me to explore a part of myself that I had forgotten existed.

In conclusion, Through the Mist was an unforgettable journey that reminded me of the beauty that lies beyond my comfort zone. It taught me to embrace the unknown and appreciate the simple joys of life. As I continue to travel, I hope to experience many more such moments that allow me to connect with nature and discover myself.'
);






INSERT INTO post (title, subtitle, author, author_url, publish_date, image_url, featured, content) VALUES ('Awaken Early', 'Not all those who wander are lost.', 'Mat Vogels', '/static/images/mat_vogels.jpg', '9/25/2015', '/static/images/awaken_early.jpg', 0, 'As a traveler, I have always believed in the adage that not all those who wander are lost. The journey itself is as important as the destination. One of my favorite things about traveling is experiencing the world wake up around me. There's something magical about being up early, watching the sun rise over a new place, seeing the locals begin their day, and feeling like you have the whole world to yourself.

I call this particular journey, "Awaken Early." It was a trip I took to the beautiful city of Cusco, Peru. Cusco is a city steeped in history and culture, with stunning architecture and ancient ruins at every turn. But what made this journey truly special was the early mornings.

Each day, I woke up before the sun rose and headed out to explore the city. The streets were quiet, the air crisp, and the sky slowly turning pink and orange. As I walked, I watched as shopkeepers began to set up their stalls, street vendors prepared their carts, and the first rays of sunlight illuminated the city's beautiful architecture.

One morning, I hiked up to the top of a nearby hill to watch the sunrise over the city. I could see for miles, and it felt like I was the only one in the world witnessing this beautiful moment. As the sun rose higher, I watched as the city slowly came to life, with people starting their day and going about their business.

Another morning, I decided to take a hot air balloon ride over the city. We rose up just as the sun was beginning to peek over the horizon, and we floated silently over the city as it awakened below us. The view was breathtaking, and I felt like I was truly seeing the city in a way that few others had.

Finally, on my last morning in Cusco, I woke up early once again to visit the famous Machu Picchu ruins. I arrived just as the gates opened, and I was able to experience this incredible place without the crowds that often fill it during the day. As I stood at the top of the ruins, watching the sun rise over the mountains, I felt truly grateful for the opportunity to experience such a magical moment.

In the end, "Awaken Early" became one of my favorite journeys. The early mornings allowed me to experience Cusco in a way that few others have, and I felt like I had truly immersed myself in the city's culture and history. It reminded me that sometimes the best moments happen when we're willing to wake up a little earlier and experience the world as it wakes up around us.'
);





INSERT INTO post (title, subtitle, author, author_url, publish_date, image_url, featured, content) VALUES ('Try It Always', 'The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only one page.', 'Mat Vogels', '/static/images/mat_vogels.jpg', '9/25/2015', '/static/images/try_it_always.jpg', 0, 'Whenever I visit a new place, I make it a point to try something new. It could be trying out the local cuisine, indulging in an adventure sport or even just taking a different route back to my hotel. This philosophy of trying something new has never failed me and has always made my travels more memorable.

During one of my trips to Bali, Indonesia, I decided to try out surfing. I had never surfed before and was apprehensive about it, but I decided to give it a shot anyway. I booked a class with a local instructor and headed to the beach. The first few times I fell off the board, but with each fall, I learned something new. Eventually, I managed to stand up on the board and ride a wave all the way to shore. The feeling was exhilarating and I knew that I would have missed out on this experience if I had not tried it.

Another instance where I tried something new was during my trip to Japan. I had always been intrigued by the Japanese tea ceremony and decided to attend one. The ceremony was conducted by a traditional Japanese tea master who explained the history and significance of the ceremony. I was fascinated by the attention to detail and the precision with which each step was carried out. It made me appreciate the culture and traditions of Japan even more.

Trying something new can also mean stepping out of your comfort zone. During my trip to Thailand, I decided to go bungee jumping. I have a fear of heights, but I wanted to conquer it. As I stood on the platform, looking down at the water below, I felt my heart racing. But I took a deep breath and jumped. The feeling of free-falling was scary but also liberating. I felt like I had overcome a fear and had a newfound confidence.

Traveling is not just about ticking off places from a bucket list, it's about experiencing new things and pushing your boundaries. Trying something new can be scary, but it can also be incredibly rewarding. So, the next time you travel, make it a point to try something new. You never know, it might just become your next favorite thing.'
);

